Inventory will be kept track of with a unique id and a quantity describing how many of the item are left and also a price.
The system should keep track of different vendors because different vendors might have different quantities and different prices for the 
same items.
The system should keep track of the people working the tills so that we can see what happened when a particular person was working the 
till. For example if someone gives too much change away we should know how much money should be in the till and how much there actually is 
in the till at the end of the day
The system should keep track of how long an interaction takes place so that we can know if our tables are set up in an efficient manner.
The system should try to help with upselling because cashiers can forget about certain things that would get the store more money. For 
example if a customer buys a certain food item it would be more benificial for the cashier to ask "Would you like a drink with that?" or 
"Would that be all or would you like that as a combo?", those kinds of small questions can make the store more money overtime
There should be a price per unit of the item being sold already in the system. Like one burger should be $1.99
For items sold by volume the system should have a price per a specific volume. A 14oz drink cup will $.99 or something like that
Idealy the system will automatically recognize that items belonging to a combo deal, and the order gets change automatically. Or there is 
a button the cashier can press to make a certain food item into a meal. So this means combos should either be tracked or the system knows 
what goes in a combo so when a button is pressed the system just adds it to the current item.
The system should keep track of sale items and promotional items by a seperate column that asks if that item is part of a sale or a 
promotion so when that certain item is inputed into the order get updated automatically. This also eliminates human error because if the 
order gets updated automatically the cashier doesn't have to worry about it.
There should be a seperate coupon table for single item coupons and combo coupons. All the coupons have a unique id and there is a column 
with either the item or combo id so the system knows what the coupon is for
When a refund happens the refund amount should be subtracted from the total amount of money that till made.
Mistakes should be taken care of by the crew of that vendor, so the crew adds and subtracts money from the system
Tills in a vendor should be connected but tills from different vendors shouldn't be connected this way if the system goes down tills can 
still operate normally. Coupons and organization wide promotions should be stored on the server. And sales and things that are specific to 
vendors (such as food items, and vendor specific promotions) should be stored in the tills themselves.



